PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Dartz: FINALLY, AFTER
10,000 YEARS IN EXILE,
THE MIGHTY LEVIATHAN
IS READY TO RETURN.
BUT IN ORDER TO REACH
HIS FULL POTENTIAL,
THERE ARE SEVERAL SOULS
THAT MUST STILL BE OFFERED.
NOW THEN,
ON TO PHASE TWO.
EACH GLIMMER OF LIGHT
MUST JOIN TO BECOME WHOLE.
EACH SOUL MUST BE UTILIZED.
ONLY THEN CAN
THE LEVIATHAN CROSS OVER.
ANCIENT SOLDIERS
OF THE ORICHALCOS, HEAR ME!
LOCATE THE SCATTERED PIECES
OF THE GREAT LEVIATHAN!
FOR THE BATTLE FOR
ATLANTIS BEGINS AGAIN!
YES, MY ORICHALCOS
SOLDIERS!
[GROWLS]
SCATTER YOUR FORCES TO
THE FAR CORNERS OF THE EARTH
AND DELIVER TO ME ALL
THE SOULS YOU CAN GATHER!
THIS IS VALON.
GO AHEAD.
Man: THE PHARAOH'S FRIENDS
ARE HEADING YOUR WAY.
GOOD, THEN IT'S
TIME FOR ME
TO SHOW JOEY WHEELER
WHO'S BOSS.
Tristan: LOOK!
HERE COMES JOEY!
AND THERE HE GOES!
HEY, COME BACK!
YOU'RE GOING
THE WRONG WAY!
[THINKING]
I'M COMING FOR YA, DARTZ!
AND I'M NOT LEAVING
WITHOUT YUGI AND MAI!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Tristan: JOEY,
COME BACK!
I'M WEARING THE WRONG
SHOES FOR THIS!
JOEY, STOP!
HUH?!
[GROWLING]
WHAT'S THAT?!
Tristan:
UH, JOEY...
YEAH?
MAYBE WE SHOULD
START RUNNING AGAIN.
[GROWLS]
[SCREAMING]
[ROARING]
HEY, STOP!
YOU EVER HEAR OF
LOOKING BOTH WAYS?!
HEY, HOLD ON!
YOU'RE GOING
THE WRONG WAY!
TURN BACK!
WHOA!
MOMMY!
[CRASH]
IT'S JUST A DREAM...
[SCREAMING]
SEE YA!
[ROARING]
WE'LL NEVER
OUTRUN THIS THING!
JOEY!
[SNARLING]
RRAGH!
YOU BEAT HIM!
Joey: ACTUALLY,
I THINK HE DID.
HOLD ON!
I KNOW THAT GUY!
HE'S THE ONE
THAT TOOK MAI!
RIGHT YOU ARE, MATE!
HEY! COME BACK!
JOEY,
NOT AGAIN!
COME BACK!
[GRUNTS]
THIS WILL DO THE TRICK!
NOW...
TIME TO CHASE HIM DOWN
AND SAVE MAI!
Tristan:
ARE YOU NUTS?!
I GUESS SO.
HE'S RIDING RIGHT
INTO A TRAP!
GUESS WHO, PAL!
[LAUGHING]
Joey: I'M ON YOU LIKE
STINK ON AN ELEPHANT!
HEY, YOU!
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
AWAY THAT EASILY!
HUH?!
[SCREAMS]
I DON'T THINK SO!
HUH?! HEY!
[SCREAMS]
VERY FUNNY!
[GROWLING]
HUH?
YOU'RE TURN, WHEELER!
[GASPS]
HERE GOES.
[SCREAMS]
COME ON!
[PANTING]
WHAT? THAT'S IT?
SO, YOU WANT
A LITTLE MORE, DO YA?
WELL--HEY!
LET'S GO!
[GROWLS]
Girl: WHERE ARE
THOSE TWO ALREADY?!
RIGHT OVER THERE!
HEY, GUYS!
YOU MADE IT!
WE WERE WORRIED
ABOUT YOU TWO
FOR A SECOND THERE!
Kaiba: WE'RE FINE.
AND NOW THAT WE KNOW
WHO WE'RE AFTER...
IT'S TIME TO CRASH
THEIR LITTLE PARTY.
WELL WE BETTER
ACT FAST...
'CAUSE JOEY RAN OFF
TO FIND THESE PARADIUS
GUYS ON HIS OWN!
WE HAVE TO GET THERE
BEFORE HE DOES!
HE BETTER NOT SCREW
THIS UP FOR ME.
Tea: HEY!
WE'VE GOT BIGGER
PROBLEMS, GUYS!
THOSE SAME MONSTERS
WE SAW IN THE DESERT
ARE ROAMING THE CITY!
OH, NO!
LET'S GO!
WE CAN ALL JUMP
IN MY CAR!
GOOD IDEA.
I'M AFRAID THINGS
ARE EVEN WORSE
THAN YOU CAN
IMAGINE.
WHAT IS IT, GRAMPS?
WHAT DO THESE
CREATURES WANT?
ACCORDING TO
THE EVENING NEWS,
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
AROUND THE WORLD
ARE SUDDENLY COLLAPSING
IN THE STREETS
AND FALLING INTO A STATE
OF UNCONSCIOUSNESS.
IT'S THOSE
MONSTERS!
THEY MUST BE
USING THE POWER
OF THE ORICHALCOS
TO CAPTURE
PEOPLE'S SOULS!
IT WOULD APPEAR SO.
Tea: OH...
AND DID I
MENTION THAT
EVERY POLICE OFFICER
IN THIS TOWN
IS UNDER THEIR
SPELL, TOO?!
ALL RIGHT...
THEN WE HAVE TO
BATTLE THESE MONSTERS
ON OUR OWN AND MAKE
OUR WAY TO DARTZ!
Tea: UNLESS HE
FINDS US FIRST!
[CHUCKLING]
KEEP FIGHTING,
MY SOLDIERS.
WE MUST CONTINUE TO
COLLECT THE SOULS
OF MAN AND BEAST,
UNTIL WE HAVE
AMASSED ENOUGH POWER
TO REBUILD ATLANTIS!
[LAUGHING]
[PANTING]
JOEY!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
[ENGINE ROARS]
THAT YOU, JOEY?!
NOT QUITE...
BUT I AM
LOOKING FOR HIM.
LOOK, MAI--
SAVE IT, DWEEB!
I KNOW YOU'RE
HIS BABYSITTER,
SO WHERE IS HE?!
HOW SHOULD I KNOW?
ONE OF YOUR LITTLE PALS
FORCED HIM INTO A GAME
OF CAT AND MOUSE...
AND NOW HE'S GONE!
IT'S VALON!
THIS IS ALL
YOUR FAULT, MAI!
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO GOT JOEY
INTO THIS MESS
IN THE FIRST PLACE!
OUT OF MY WAY!
GET BACK HERE!
THE LAST THING HE NEEDS
RIGHT NOW IS YOU!
[GROWLS]
Valon: HERE WE ARE,
OLD CHUM.
GLAD YOU
COULD MAKE IT.
NOW LET'S GET DOWN TO
BUSINESS, SHALL WE?
LOOK, PAL,
I WANT MAI BACK.
THEN WHY CHASE ME?
SHE HAPPENS TO HAVE A MIND
OF HER OWN, YA KNOW.
SHE DID.
AT LEAST...
SHE DID BEFORE YOU GUYS
BRAINWASHED HER!
YOU DON'T
GET IT, MATE.
NO ONE WAS
BRAINWASHED!
HUH?
MAI CHOSE TO
JOIN OUR SIDE
WITH HER OWN
FREE WILL.
AND DO YOU WANT
TO KNOW WHY?
SHE WAS SICK OF
TAKING A BACK SEAT
WHILE YOU GOT
ALL THE FAME!
THEN I STEPPED IN
AND CHANGED ALL THAT.
YOU MESSED
WITH HER HEAD,
THAT'S WHAT YOU DID!
SHE WAS ONE OF
MY BEST FRIENDS!
BUT THE LAST
TIME I SAW HER
SHE WAS SAYING THINGS
THAT MAI NEVER
WOULD HAVE SAID.
I WAS SICK OF MY LIFE...
SO I CHOSE TO CHANGE IT!
[GASPING]
NO WAY!
HOW COULD YOU?
YOU GUYS WOULDN'T
UNDERSTAND.
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN
AN OUTSIDER LIKE ME.
YOU'VE GOT YOUR
LITTLE GROUP,
AND I'M NOT
PART OF IT!
Valon:
WAKE UP, WHEELER!
I LED YOU HERE TO
GET RID OF YOU FOR GOOD,
'CAUSE MAI CAN'T BE
HAPPY WITH YOU AROUND!
HUH? AND WHAT
DOES THAT MEAN?!
YOU'RE A CONSTANT
REMINDER
OF WHAT HER LIFE
USED TO BE,
AND MAI WANTS
TO FORGET ALL THAT!
BUT AS LONG AS YOU STILL
EXIST IN THIS WORLD,
SHE'LL NEVER BE
ABLE TO FORGET!
SO, I'M HERE TO
ERASE YOU FOR GOOD!
[THINKING]
PLUS, I KNOW THAT
DEEP DOWN,
MAI STILL LOVES YOU.
AND I CAN'T
HAVE THAT!
SO, WHAT DO YOU SAY,
WHEELER?
DO WE HAVE OURSELVES
A DUEL OR NOT?
NOT THAT I'M GIVING YOU
MUCH OF A CHOICE!
I NEVER BACK DOWN
FROM A CHALLENGE--
ESPECIALLY WHEN I'M
FIGHTING FOR A FRIEND!
NOW, LET'S DUEL!
YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
MY MOVE!
CHECK THIS OUT!
I SUMMON
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD!
[SNARLING]
[THINKING]
I GOTTA BE CAREFUL.
I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT
THIS GUY'S
DUELING STYLE!
NICE OPENING CARD.
UNFORTUNATELY FOR YOU,
MINE IS BETTER, MATE!
JUST TAKE A LOOK.
IT'S MY GOOD FRIEND
PSYCHIC ARMOR HEAD.
PSYCHO ARMOR WHO?!
WHAT'S THAT DO?
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT!
DID YOU JUST SUMMON
A MONSTER THAT HAS
ZERO ATTACK POINTS,
OR AM I IMAGINING
THINGS?!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
MY PSYCHIC ARMOR HEAD
DOESN'T HAVE A SINGLE
ATTACK POINT!
BUT WHEN I ADD IT TOGETHER
WITH A FEW OTHER CARDS,
IT BECOMES MY VERY
OWN SUIT OF ARMOR!
AND HERE'S THE PIECE
THAT'LL HOLD IT ALL TOGETHER!
MY ARMORED
GRAVITATION CARD!
I'M GONNA NEED A LITTLE
MORE INFORMATION HERE!
MY TRAP BUSTER ARMOR
SHOULD CLEAR THINGS UP!
Joey: NOPE.
STILL LOST.
YOU'RE EVEN DUMBER
THAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE!
I PLAY BIG BANG BLOW!
THEN I'LL ADD
MY OVER-BOOST!
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST,
ACTIVE GUARD!
AND NOW FOR
THE FUN PART!
GO, ARMORED GRAVITATION!
SAY WHAT?!
WHAT'S WITH
THE SPACE SUIT?!
[LAUGHING]
EACH PIECE OF MY ARMOR
MAY HAVE ZERO ATTACK POINTS,
BUT TOGETHER THEY FORM
AN UNSTOPPABLE FORCE!
AND AS SOON AS I ATTACK...
YOU'LL EXPERIENCE THAT
POWER FOR YOURSELF!
[LAUGHING]
THE TIME DRAWS NEAR, MY PET.
BE PATIENT.
MY ORICHALCOS SOLDIERS
ARE GATHERING THE ENERGY
NECESSARY TO FUEL YOUR REBIRTH.
THEN WE'LL CLEANSE THE EARTH
OF ITS IMPURITIES
AND REBUILD PARADISE!
Rebecca: WE'RE ONLY ONE MILE
FROM PARADIUS HEADQUARTERS.
WE'LL HAVE OUR
COMPANY BACK
IN NO TIME!
RIGHT, BRO?!
DON'T BE SO SURE.
WE'RE DEALING
WITH AN EXTREMELY
POWERFUL ORGANIZATION,
AND IT'S GONNA TAKE
EVERYTHING WE HAVE
TO BRING THEM DOWN.
THIS WON'T BE EASY.
Tristan: ALL RIGHT.
I'M OFFICIALLY LOST.
[PANTING]
PHEW.
I GUESS I CAN PRETTY MUCH
FORGET ABOUT
FINDING JOEY NOW.
[LOUD FOOTSTEPS]
HUH?
[ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
YOU AGAIN?!
[GULP]
HI. REMEMBER ME?
HUH?
[TIRES SQUEAL]
TRISTAN!
[ALL GRUNTING]
Mokuba:
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
MAYBE WE SHOULD GET
SOMEONE ELSE BEHIND THE WHEEL.
TRISTAN NEEDS
OUR HELP!
HUH?
OH. NO!
COME ON!
I'LL TAKE
WHATEVER YOU GOT!
[ROARING]
Yugi: GO,
CELTIC GUARDIAN!
[SNARLING]
All: TRISTAN!
HEY!
THANKS, YUG.
YOU CAME IN
THE NICK OF TIME!
OF COURSE,
I COULD HAVE
TAKEN HIM MYSELF.
I'M AFRAID THE ONLY THING
THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN TAKEN
IS YOUR SOUL HAD WE
ARRIVED ANY LATER.
SO, THOSE THINGS ARE
WORKING FOR DARTZ!
HEY, WHERE'S JOEY?
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WERE TOGETHER?!
WE WERE, UNTIL
HE DECIDED TO
HOP ON SOME
GUY'S MOTORCYCLE
AND TAKE OFF AFTER
ONE OF DARTZ'S
LITTLE FLUNKIES!
YOU'RE KIDDING!
OH, NO!
WAS IT VALON?
WHO?
Duke: VALON.
HE'S THE GUY REBECCA
AND I DUELED!
Tea: IS THAT
A BAD THING?
NOT ONLY DOES VALON HAVE
A THING AGAINST JOEY,
BUT HE'S GOT A DECK
FULL OF MONSTERS
I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE!
LET'S GO!
WE HAVE TO FIND JOEY
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
THAT CHUMP'S GONNA
HAVE TO WAIT
'CAUSE WE'VE GOT
BIGGER PROBLEMS!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!
LOOK AROUND YOU!
All: HUH?
[GROWLING]
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
Tea: WE'RE SURROUNDED!
IF ANYONE
HAS A PLAN,
PLEASE SPEAK NOW.
OPPONENT IDENTIFIED.
[THINKING]
THIS GUY JUST SUMMONED
5 MONSTERS AT ONCE!
AND NOW HE'S
WEARING THEM
LIKE SOME KIND OF
SPACE-AGE SUIT OF ARMOR!
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK.
NOT ONLY DOES
MY SUIT DEFEND ME,
IT PACKS A PRETTY
MEAN OFFENSE TOO!
WHAT?!
YOUR LITTLE
HALLOWEEN COSTUME
DOESN'T HAVE ONE
SINGLE ATTACK POINT!
SOUNDS LIKE A PRETTY
LAME OFFENSE TO ME.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
LET'S START WITH MY
RIGHT ARM, SHALL WE?
THIS PART OF MY ARMOR
IS KNOWN AS BIG BANG BLOW,
AND I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE LITTLE REPTILE'S
ABOUT TO FIND OUT WHY!
NOW, TO CALCULATE
THE ODDS OF MY SUCCESS.
SYSTEM ACTIVATE!
Computer: PROBABILITY
OF MONSTER DESTRUCTION:
99%.
HA HA!
JUST WHAT I THOUGHT!
BIG BANG BLOW, ATTACK
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD!
THAT METAL ARM
HAS ZERO
ATTACK POINTS!
WHAT'S THIS GUY
THINKING?!
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD,
ATTACK!
[GROWLING]
I DON'T NEED
ATTACK POINTS!
BIG BANG BLOW
AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYS
EVERY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD!
NO WAY!
I'M AFRAID SO!
[GRUNTING]
DISINTEGRATE HIS LIZARD
WITH FIST OF ARMOR!
[SCREAMING]
Computer: INITIATING
ACTIVE GUARD.
ABSORBING ATTACK DAMAGE.
NOT BAD, EH?!
UH, YOU MIND TELLING ME
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY DID I JUST LOSE
1,500 LIFE POINTS?
I'LL MAKE IT REAL
SIMPLE FOR YOU.
WHEN MY RIGHT
ARM ACTIVATES,
IT DESTROYS EVERY
MONSTER ON THE FIELD!
THEN THE TOTAL NUMBER
OF ATTACK POINTS
OF EVERY MONSTER THAT
WAS JUST DESTROYED
GETS SUBTRACTED FROM EACH
PLAYER'S LIFE POINTS!
HOLD ON!
WHY DIDN'T YOU LOSE
ANY POINTS?!
BECAUSE OF MY
ACTIVE GUARD!
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
ALLOWS MY CHEST PLATE
TO ABSORB ALL THE DAMAGE
THAT WOULD HAVE REDUCED
MY LIFE POINTS,
SO I STAY SAFE.
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
Computer: ATTACK PHASE
HAS ENDED.
DISENGAGE ARMOR MATRIX.
MY ARMOR MAY BE GONE,
BUT I HAVEN'T LOST
A SINGLE LIFE POINT!
AND I'VE GOT PLENTY
MORE SURPRISES
WHERE THAT CAME FROM.
YOU'LL NEVER SURVIVE
THIS DUEL, WHEELER!
THAT'S THE SLOPPIEST
FINISH I EVER SAW!
COME ON!
YOU JUST ENDED
YOUR TURN
WITH NO CARDS
ON THE FIELD
TO PROTECT YOURSELF!
I DON'T NEED TO HIDE
BEHIND ANYTHING, WHEELER!
I WIN ALL MY DUELS BY
FACING MY ENEMY HEAD-ON!
THAT'S A LESSON
I LEARNED
THE HARD WAY
A LONG TIME AGO.
AHH, MY YOUTH.
[ALL YELLING]
Boy: TAKE NOTHING
OFF HIM!
Man:
HERE HE IS, SIR.
GO ON!
YOUNG VALON.
YOU'VE BEEN IN AND OUT
OF 12 DETENTION CENTERS.
BUT MINE'S DIFFERENT.
LET ME SHOW YOU
WHAT I MEAN.
WE HAVE MORE
PRODUCTIVE WAYS
OF DEALING WITH TROUBLED
BOYS LIKE YOU.
TRY CHANNELING
YOUR ENERGY
INTO THESE DUEL
MONSTERS CARDS...
INSTEAD OF YOUR FISTS.
Valon: WHAT HE
DIDN'T TELL ME WAS
HE HAD FRIENDS
IN HIGH PLACES.
[SHUDDERING]
[SCREAMING]
THAT DETENTION CENTER
HAD A SILENT PARTNER
WHO SHOWED A GREAT
DEAL OF INTEREST
IN OUR DUELING SKILLS.
Man: SO, HOW'D
YOU DO, KID?
HA!
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME!
[GASPS]
Man: YOU COULDN'T HAVE
BEATEN ALL THESE GUYS!
Valon: THE CARDS DON'T LIE.
HA!
Second man:
NOT BAD AT ALL, EH?
YOU WANT
TO BE NEXT?!
I MUST SAY, I LIKE YOUR
ATTITUDE YOUNG MAN.
BUT YOUR TALENTS
ARE BEING WASTED
ON THIS SECLUDED ISLAND.
SO, WHY DON'T YOU
COME WITH ME?
HOLD ON...
YOU'RE SAYING I CAN
JUST WALK AWAY FROM HERE
WITH YOU AND NEVER
COME BACK?
WELL, PROVIDED THAT YOU
WORK FOR MY COMPANY,
OF COURSE.
YOU GOT YOURSELF
A DEAL, PONYTAIL!
JUST WATCH YOURSELF,
OR I MAY DECIDE
TO DUEL YOU.
HMM.
EVER SINCE THE DAY HE
RESCUED ME FROM THAT DUMP,
I'VE BEEN WORKING FOR DARTZ.
BUT, UNLIKE SOME OF MY
LESS TALENTED COLLEAGUES,
I DUEL ON MY OWN TERMS--
JUST LIKE I ALWAYS HAVE.
AND TODAY I'M NOT
FIGHTING FOR DARTZ...
I'M FIGHTING FOR ME!
[THINKING] THIS
SELFISH PUNK DOESN'T
KNOW THE FIRST THING
ABOUT DUEL MONSTERS!
THIS GAME IS ABOUT
WAY MORE THAN
JUST WINNING FOR YOURSELF,
IT'S ABOUT FIGHTING FOR
THE PEOPLE YOU CARE ABOUT!
SO, PLEASE...
HANG IN THERE, MAI.
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO
TEACH YOU A LESSON
JOEY-WHEELER-STYLE,
SO LET'S GO!
YOU'RE GONNA BE SORRY YOU
EVER MESSED WITH MY FRIENDS!
THEN LET'S GO!
I WAS JUST GETTING
WARMED UP!
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
WHAT MY DECK OF ARMOR
CAN REALLY DO!
[LAUGHS]